penkit Terms of Service

Terms of Service will be referred to as 'TOS.'
The website, software, and source code will collectively be referred to as 'penkit.'

1. Acceptance of Terms:

penkit may update the TOS at any time and without prior notice by posting a new version at http://penkit.io. The information on this site, any penkit software, and your use of it is subject to the most recent version of the TOS posted.

2. Indemnity:

You agree to indemnify and hold penkit and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, 
agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand including 
but not limited to your use of of penkit, your connection to penkit, your violation of 
the penkit TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.


3. Modifications to penkit:

You acknowledge that penkit and its maintainers may establish general practices and 
limits concerning use of penkit. You further acknowledge that penkit reserves the 
right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time. penkit reserves 
the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or 
permanently, the penkit service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You 
agree that penkit shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any 
modification, suspension or discontinuance of penkit.

4. Termination:

You agree that penkit and its maintainers may terminate your access to penkit for 
violations of the TOS and/or requests by authorized law enforcement or other 
government agencies.

5. Links:

The penkit may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web 
sites or resources. Because penkit has no control over such sites and resources, you 
acknowledge and agree that penkit is not responsible for the availability of such 
external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for 
any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites 
or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that penkit shall not be responsible 
or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be 
caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or 
services available on or through any such site or resource.

6. Distribution, modification, and repackaging:

You may distribute, modify, or repackage penkit in accordance with the MIT license.
If you choose to redistribute penkit, we would be very grateful if you credited
our project and spread the word.

7. Permitted and Prohibited Uses:

You may use penkit for the sole purpose of learning about computer security on
computers or other electronic devices you own.

You may not use penkit to test, exploit, attack or in any way interact with computers
or electronic devices that you do not own.

You may not use 'penkit' or any of the affiliated penkit branding without explicit permission from the maintainers.


8. Limitation of Liability:

You expressly understand and agree that penkit and its subsidiaries, affiliates, 
officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any 
direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, 
but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other 
intangible losses (even if penkit has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the penkit service.


By visiting our site or using our product, you agree to the TOS. Any violation of the terms listed above prohibits you from using penkit.
